---
layout: post
title: "Hello there"
---


> Welcome to my corner of the internet, where I will be sharing my learning
> and research on various topics within cybersecurity and computer science. My main interests are:


+ Game hacking and Anti-cheats
	+ In the early stages of my learning journey, I quickly recognized the striking similarity 
	between the techniques employed by video game cheats and those utilized by malware to achieve their goals. For instance, 
	both anti-cheat systems and antivirus programs thwart attempts to access specific processes by denying handle openings. 
	Consequently, certain malware and cheats circumvent this obstacle by utilizing handles that are already open.


+ Offensive Security tool development
	+ Offensive Security Tool Development intrigues me deeply, primarily because of my passion for programming and the sheer 
	flexibility it offers. The ability to craft custom tools on demand holds immense appeal for several reasons. For instance, 
	consider a scenario where existing tools are heavily scrutinized and flagged. In such cases, having the capability to develop 
	alternatives that perform similar functions without triggering signatures could significantly prolong one's effectiveness during an engagement.


+ Operating systems
	+ Since writing my first Windows kernel driver, my fascination with operating systems has steadily blossomed. Lately, 
	I've been learning of the master boot record (MBR), normally in sector 0 or the first 512 bytes of your SSD or HDD, it harbors the bootloader. 
	This vital component determines the operating system to be loaded, marking a pivotal entry point into the realm of system-level operations.
